hi YouTube this Lanisha how are you hope
your week is going fab below so so
randomly I came home from work and I was
like playing with my hair I had it in a
bantu knot and I'll put a picture so you
can see what I'm talking about
it's um so my hair was feeling I was
talking I was playing with my hair as I
typically do all day at work when I got
home I randomly decided I was gonna
flatter in my hair I don't know what
made this is but I just really wanted to
flatter in my hair so I was like alright
am I going to use the motion stuff with
that I would have to wash my hair and
then use their air conditioner and then
also the sealant and I just wash my hair
only a few days ago I feel like doing
all of that so I just thought I was
going to use this this product right
here which I've had since last year is
the icy hair polish air heat protector
shaitaan' serum so this is what it looks
like piece of I store inexpensive and I
got it last year when I was trying to
blend my hair with a Brazilian virgin
weed and yeah that's a whole nother
story it didn't work out pretty much so
that's why I have it and that's why as
you see I have only used up to here so I
have all this left I just did small
sections and it was coming out pretty
good
I'll show you a picture of what it
looked like halfway through so you're
halfway through was looking good and
since it's cooler now it's not as humid
like it was when I did the motions I
think that's why my hair came out better
than before my hair before it came out
like a blowout so yeah that was not what
I was important but do you think that I
had to do with the fact that it was
really humid when I used emotions
products I don't think that the products
don't work I think they do work I just
think that the environment that I was in
it just wasn't conducive to me
straighten my hair at that point so now
you know it's cool outside there's
really no humidity so I was like I must
try this so right now I just have
hair twist it in the front I did one
pass on like 90% of my hair I did one
pass in each section some sections I
like in the front I did like two passes
but I tried not to do more than that the
Flatiron that I use is this one it is
called is hot and silky and it says it's
a tourmaline ceramic so this is what it
looks like it's a purplish color and
gold I got this from the view supply
store last year as well from Sally's
actually it has a heat control and I
kept mine close to 300 so I would assume
that it's about 310 320 the next notch
on here is 370 and I was not even close
to that law was closer to the 300 knot
so it was about 310 320
I'm afraid of heat damage so I
definitely did not want to go higher
than that
I mean this hot and silky goes all the
way up to 450 degrees and that's really
really hot some people say I can take it
some people can't I don't know what my
by heat index is I just had a 310 320
that's what I'm gonna keep it at and
also I turned off my flat iron during
the process so it could cool down and
then I would turn it back on and so I'm
this serum I like it here feels really
good it feels soft
it doesn't feel super oily like I'm
rubbing my hair down my hand is not
getting super duper oily it's really
light but I think it does a job because
I definitely have used it once before
and I didn't have any problems when I
wash my hair my hair went right back to
the curls curls curl so I definitely
will recommend this serum enriched with
silicone aloe vitamin E and sunscreen
and it says it's straight and smooth and
protect hair from heat damaged by Hot
Tools
all right so I definitely would
recommend getting this it's inexpensive
it works and I think as long as you know
you know your hair and you know how hot
your Flatiron can get to with actually
having any problems I think he'll be
fine
so yeah I just want to show you this is
what my hair is looking like like I only
did one pass and I'm not a professional
so this is what it looking like um I had
a slight bump but I combed it out I mean
my hair got a pretty straight and um I
mean I like it so I probably I'll be
able to put I can put my hair up in a
ponytail but when I actually have a
little ponytail man which I haven't had
a ponytail and oh really
long long times I always have my hair
short like a short cut and I never
really let it grow out to this length
before I mean I meant collarbone now so
and then the front of my my hair goes
right here
like right below my this part of my nose
so this no long as my hair has been but
yeah definitely pick this up at your
local beauty supply store if you can
again is a Fantasia I see hair polisher
heat protector straightening Sarah okay
and I'll catch you in the next video bye